h1. oui_instagram

Easily display recent images from an Instagram account.

h2. Table of contents

* "Plugin requirements":#requirements
* "Installation":#installation
* "Preferences":#prefs
* "Tags":#tags
** "oui_instagram_images":#oui_instagram_images
** "oui_instagram_image":#oui_instagram_image
** "oui_instagram_image_info":#oui_instagram_image_info
** "oui_instagram_image_url":#oui_instagram_image_url
** "oui_instagram_image_date":#oui_instagram_image_date
** "oui_instagram_image_author":#oui_instagram_image_author
* "Examples":#examples
** "Single tag":#single_tag
** "Container tag":#container_tag
* "Author":#author
* "Licence":#licence

h2(#requirements). Plugin requirements

oui_instagram’s minimum requirements:

* Textpattern 4.5+

h2(#installation). Installation

# Paste the content of the plugin file under the *Admin > Plugins*, upload it and install.

h2(#prefs). Preferences / options

This plugin needs a valid Instagram access token as a plugin pref. You can easily get it online.

h2(#tags). Tags

h3(#oui_instagram_images). oui_instagram_images

Displays a recent images list.
Can be used as a single or a container tag.

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_images />

or

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_images>
[…]
</txp:oui_instagram_images>

h4. Attributes 

h5. Required

* @username="…"@ - _Default: unset_ - The username of the Instagram account.

or

* @user_id="…"@ - _Default: unset_ - The user id of the Instagram account; faster than username!

h5. Recommended

* @cache_time="…"@ — _Default: 0_ - Duration of the cache in seconds.

h5. Optional

* @break="…"@ - _Default: li_ - The HTML tag used around each generated image.
* @class="…"@ – _Default: oui_instagram_images_ - The css class to apply to the HTML tag assigned to @wraptag@.
* @label="…"@ – _Default: unset_ - The label used to entitled the generated content.
* @labeltag="…"@ - _Default: unset_ - The HTML tag used around the value assigned to @label@.
* @limit="…"@ — _Default: 10_ - The number of images to display.
* @link="…"@ — _Default: auto_ - To apply a link around each generated image to the standard_resolution image. Valid values are auto (linked to the Instagram page), 1 (linked to the image url), 0.
* @type="…"@ — _Default: thumbnail_ - The image type to display. Valid values are thumbnail, low_resolution, standard_resolution.
* @wraptag="…"@ - _Default: ul_ - The HTML tag to use around the generated content.

h5. Special

* @hash_key="…"@ - _Default: 195263_ - A number used to hash the 32-character reference assigned to your Instagram query and to generate a shorter key for your cache file (you shouldn't need to change that).

h3(#oui_instagram_image). oui_instagram_image

Displays each image in a @oui_instagram_images@ container tag.

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_image />

h4. Attributes

* @class="…"@ — _Default: oui_instagram_image_ - The css class to apply to the @img@ HTML tag or to the HTML tag assigned to @wraptag@.
* @type="…"@ — _Default: thumbnail_ - The image type to display. Valid values are thumbnail, low_resolution, standard_resolution.
* @wraptag="…"@ — _Default: unset_ - The HTML tag to use around the generated content.

h3(#oui_instagram_image_info). oui_instagram_image_info

Displays each image info in a @oui_instagram_images@ container tag.

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_image_info />

h4. Attributes

* @break="…"@ — _Default: unset_ - The HTML tag used around each generated info. 
* @class="…"@ — _Default: unset_ - The css class to apply to the HTML tag assigned to @wraptag@. 
* @type="…"@ — _Default: caption_ - The information type to display. Valid values are caption, likes, comments.
* @wraptag="…"@ — _Default: unset_ - The HTML tag to use around the generated content.

h3(#oui_instagram_image_url). oui_instagram_image_url

Uses each image url/link in a @oui_instagram_images@ container tag.

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_image_url />

h4. Attributes

* @class="…"@ — _Default: unset_ - The css class to apply to the @a@ HTML tag if link is defined or to the HTML tag assigned to @wraptag@.
* @link="…"@ — _Default: auto_ - To apply a link to the standard_resolution image. Valid values are auto (link container tag only), 1, 0.
* @type="…"@ — _Default: instagram_ - The url type to use. Valid values are thumbnail, low_resolution, standard_resolution, instagram.
* @wraptag="…"@ — _Default: unset_ - The HTML tag to use around the generated content.

h3(#oui_instagram_image_date). oui_instagram_image_date

Displays each image date in a @oui_instagram_images@ container tag.

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_image_date />

h4. Attributes

* @class="…"@ — _Default: unset - The css class to apply to the HTML tag assigned to @wraptag@.
* @format="…"@ — _Default: the Archive date format set in the preferences_ - To adjust the display of the date to taste. Valid values are any valid strftime() string values.
* @wraptag="…"@ — _Default: unset_ - The HTML tag to use around the generated content.

h3(#oui_instagram_image_author). oui_instagram_image_author

Displays each image author in a @oui_instagram_images@ container tag.

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_image_author />

* @class="…"@ — _Default: unset - The css class to apply to the @a@ HTML tag assigned by @link="1"@ or to the HTML tag assigned to @wraptag@.
* @link="…"@ — _Default: 0_ - To apply a link around the generated content.  
* @title="…"@ — _Default: 1_ - To show the full name (1) or the username (0). 
* @wraptag="…"@ — _Default: unset_ - The HTML tag to use around the generated content.

h2(#examples). Examples

h3(#single_tag). Example 1: single tag use

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_images username="cercle_magazine" />

h3(#container_tag). Example 2: container tag use

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_images username="cercle_magazine">
    <txp:oui_instagram_image_url><txp:oui_instagram_image /></txp:oui_instagram_image_url>
    <txp:oui_instagram_image_info />
    <txp:oui_instagram_image_date />, <txp:oui_instagram_image_date />
</txp:oui_instagram_images>

h2(#author). Author

"Nicolas Morand":https://github.com/NicolasGraph

h2(#licence). Licence

This plugin is distributed under "GPLv2":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.fr.html.