notextile. <section id="credits" class="options_group">

h2. Author

"Nicolas Morand":https://twitter.com/NicolasGraph
_Thank you to the Textpattern community and the core team._

h2. Licence

This plugin is distributed under "GPLv2":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.fr.html.

h2. Changelog

* *v1.0.0* (2016-01-24) :
** Plugin, prefs and tags rename;
** deprecates @oui_instagram_@ tags in favour of @oui_insta_@ to shorter tags;
** adds @<txp:oui_insta_author />@ and @<txp:oui_insta_author_info />@ tags;
** removes cache (an external cache system such "aks_cache":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=33460 should be used);
** restores the @access_token@ attribute and removes @username@ and @user_id@ which needs restricted Instagram registration;
** introduces an attribute values inheritance in a container tag context;
** changes @<txp:oui_insta_image_author />@ @title@ attribute to @type@;
** uses CURL to get the Instagram feed when enable;
** uses OOP;
** styles Help file.
* *v0.6.8* (2016-05-23) :
** removes Username and user id preferences: access token related account used by default via self/media;
** adds pop helps (Txp4.6 only);
** Improves multiple requests with Instagram pagination.
* *v0.6.7* (2016-05-13) :
** fixes multiple galleries support;
** improves user id request;
** automatically fills user id in plugin prefs.
* *v0.6.6* (2016-05-12) :
** changes Cache time from seconds to minutes (5 by default);
** hides the hash key pref (not really useful to show it and may be confusing);
** fixes prefs order;
** improves cache conditioning;
** adds @update_lastmod()@ after each Instagram query;
** improves code comments.
* *v0.6.5* (2016-04-30) :
** adds Instagram feed pagination support.
* *v0.6.4:* (2016-04-27) :
** adds username, user_id and cache_time default values via plugin prefs;
** replaces @hash_key@ by a random plugin pref value;
** updates the help file.
* *v0.6.3:* (2016-04-20) :
** code rework;
** manages Instagram access token via plugin prefs;
** adds a @user_id@ attribute (faster than username);
** improves error messages;
** fixes bugs.
* *v0.5.9* (2016-03-22) :
** adds @access_token@ attribute;
** uses a shorter cache file key with @hash_key@ attribute;
** updates the help file.
* *Initial release* (2016-03-11) :

notextile. </section>
