notextile. <section id="oui_instagram_images" class="options_group">

h2. oui_instagram_images

Displays a recent images list.
Can be used as a single or a container tag.

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_images />

or

bc. <txp:oui_instagram_images>
[…]
</txp:oui_instagram_images>

h3. Attributes

p(alert-block warning). %(ui-icon ui-icon-alert).% @user_id@ and @username@ attributes has been removed from v1.0.0, you can now use the @access_token@ attribute as an alternative to generate Instagram galleries from different accounts.

- @access_token@ :=
the access token provided via the plugin prefs.
*Default:* none
*Valid:* a different Instagram access token than the one provided via the plugin prefs =:
- @break@ :=
he HTML tag used around each generated image
*Default:* @li@
*Valid:* HTML self-closing tag without brakets =:
- @class@ :=
The css class to apply to the HTML tag assigned to @wraptag@.
*Default:* none
*Valid:* string =:
- @form@ :=
A Textpattern form name if used to contain other plugin tags.
*Default:* none
*Valid:* string =:
- @label@ :=
The label used to entitled the generated content.
*Default:* none
*Valid:* string =:
- @labeltag@ :=
The HTML tag used around the value assigned to @label@.
*Default:* none
*Valid:* HTML container tag without brakets =:
- @limit@ :=
The number of images to display.
If the @limit@ value is greater than _20_, several requests will be thrown to pull your images
*Default:* @10@
*Valid:* integer =:
- @link@ :=
To apply a link around each generated image to the standard_resolution image.
*Default:* @auto@
*Valid:* @auto@ (linked to the Instagram page), @1@ (linked to the image url), @0@ =:
- @type@ :=
The image type to display.
*Default:* @thumbnail@
*Valid:* @thumbnail@, @low_resolution@, @standard_resolution@ =:
- @wraptag@ :=
The HTML tag to use around the generated content.
*Default:* @ul@
*Valid:* HTML container tag without brakets =:

notextile. </section>
