notextile. <section id="oui_insta_author" class="options_group">

h2. oui_insta_author

p(alert-block warning). %(ui-icon ui-icon-alert).% @oui_instagram_author@ tag is now deprecated.

Displays an Instagram user related info as a single tag, or several ones as a container tag.

bc. <txp:oui_insta_author />

or

bc. <txp:oui_insta_author>
[…]
</txp:oui_insta_author>

h3. Attributes

- @access_token@ :=
Instagram access token.
*Default:* the access token provided via the plugin prefs.
*Valid:* a different Instagram access token than the one provided via the plugin prefs =:
- @break@ :=
he HTML tag used around each generated image
*Default:* @br@
*Valid:* HTML tag without brakets =:
- @class@ :=
The css class to apply to the HTML tag assigned to @wraptag@.
*Default:* none
*Valid:* string =:
- @form@ :=
A Textpattern form name if used to contain other plugin tags.
*Default:* none
*Valid:* string =:
- @label@ :=
The label used to entitled the generated content.
*Default:* none
*Valid:* string =:
- @labeltag@ :=
The HTML tag used around the value assigned to @label@.
*Default:* none
*Valid:* HTML container tag without brakets =:
- @link@ :=
To apply a link around each generated image to the standard_resolution image.
*Default:* @auto@
*Valid:* @auto@ (linked to the Instagram page), @1@ (linked to the image url), @0@ =:
- @type@ :=
The author info to display.
*Default:* @username@
*Valid:* @username@, @full_name@, @profile_picture@ =:
- @wraptag@ :=
The HTML tag to use around the generated content.
*Default:* @span@
*Valid:* HTML container tag without brakets =:

notextile. </section>
